league of champions of France in previous tests since it
given the respect
then he picked himself up
safety standards
a formality
during his mom visit because it's a fact at once
the number of young people
because Paris is neglected in organic decline of 6%
what does it inspire you
crean 3
the French presidency of the council
for the time being no one knew what he was doing at his base will go away he said
the latter took place in the calm
The Catholic Institute of Lille
just go to tuesday to wednesday on national identity passes a
dozens of sites will still be if they feel invincible
but it's only the second time in the week following the disturbances
on the north of europe
a spokesperson we had to m
agree with you saadane
I count on you
8:25 p.m.